hello YouTube it's the English man here
and have some news regarding the
Nintendo 3ds that comes from the
Japanese magazine Famitsu so if emitter
has confirmed that a Nintendo 30 years
we'll be getting a second analog nub in
the form of an attachment and here's an
image look I like a Nintendo I really do
in a second analog nub is a great idea
and all but moved on these moves like
the major prize car and moved like this
are really starting to show how
premature than intended 30s hardware and
release worth and it is obvious that the
3ds hardware launch lineup needs a huge
revision I personally am a big fan of
Nintendo but recently they have really
started to worry me they seem to think
that just because things worked out with
a Nintendo Wii in the Nintendo DS they
can just half-ass everything from now on
which just is not true I hope the
antenna knows what they're doing with
this peripheral as it adds extra
centimeters of bulk on all sides
also there's better be free especially
if they're going to require games who
uses analog nub I've already dished out
$250 for the Nintendo 3ds I'm not going
to pay more now here's some good news
Monster Hunter Tri G has been revealed
to come to the 3d years with local
Wireless play this is great news as we
are finally starting to see some great
third-party offerings coming to the
Nintendo 3ds now the following news on
just rumors from TCH I don't know if you
pronounce it differently or if you say
it differently but that's how I'm going
to call it 2ch so don't take these names
too seriously but it's still information
to consider
apparently there's a Yoshi
side-scrolling made by good feel on the
way to the 3ds also a new game is being
created for the 30 years by the team who
made Wario Ware patreon autosize
supposedly coming to the 3ds along with
a new Hatsune Miku game there's also
rumors that a new 3ds color will be
introduced reportedly named a solid
silver supposedly Super Mario Land 3d
demo is coming to the 3ds via eShop and
this bad to happen because I'll be so
glad
now alchemist a company known for their
visual novels are reportedly making a
mystery game for the 3ds and finally
supposedly is a 25 will be coming to the
30s and it will contain a miles
Edgeworth scenario I am a huge fan of
the Ace Attorney series Oh No
in this room oh there are also some news
that come from 4chan which is both a
questionable sort and at the same time
has from time to time managed to reveal
some accurate information
the man who releases information
supposedly works for the computer
entertainment suppliers Association and
helps set up events like Tokyo Game Show
so here are the rumors supposedly at the
Nintendo conference on September 13th
all at the Tokyo Game Show Nintendo will
reveal three major titles the first one
is Monster Hunter Tri G which has
already been confirmed to be true the
second game is Mac rider and chain which
is supposedly the new major Nintendo
first-party title according to the
source a gamer looks like a blend
between a racing game in a brawler
and this game will be released sometime
in 2012 what is known about the game so
far is that it takes place in the year
2112 has a gritty look meaning something
more for the hardcore and for the
Westerners and has some of the most
impressive visuals seen on the 3ds yet
and it's also said that the gameplay
switches between racing and theatrical
3d unfed gunfights the third game is a
Viton Keitel's game known as bite in
kaitos silence of a mechanized son the
source hasn't really seen any
screenshots yet but says that the
materials given for them to set up
reveal certain things such as colour
schemes and the protagonist the
description is on the image shown these
are all the Mews I have for the Nintendo
3ds we have some getting you some mixed
news and some rumors but what I know for
certain is that we'll find out how to
feel about the second analog nub
attachment as well as if any of those
rumors are true at the Nintendo press
conference on September 13 after the
event I will gather all the news
revealed and I will make sure to share
it with you guys as soon as possible
thank you very much an English man out